README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/moudey/Shell">Nilesoft Shell</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/main/assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/main/assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/main/assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/main/assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/main/assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

1. Select and download your flavor + accent of choice:
  - [Latte](https://github.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/tree/main/latte)
  - [Frappe](https://github.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/tree/main/frappe)
  - [Macchiato](https://github.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/tree/main/macchiato)
  - [Mocha](https://github.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/tree/main/mocha)
2. Rename the file to `theme.nss`.
3. Hold shift and right-click the taskbar.
4. Hover over "Shell" and click on "directory".
5. In the folder that just opened, navigate to `\imports` and move your `theme.nss` into the folder, replacing the existing one. Feel free to back this file up beforehand.
6. Hold shift and right-click the taskbar.
7. Click on "Exit Explorer".
Your wallpaper will go black for a second and any File Explorer windows you had open may close as File Explorer restarts automatically. Your new theme should be applied.

<!-- this section is optional -->
## 🙋 FAQ

-	Q: **_"How do I make the menu background blurred?"_**\
	A: 
    1. Open your `theme.nss` file.
    2. Change the `opacity` value (line 10) under `background` to something less than 100.
    3. Remove the `//` from the `effect = 2` line below `opacity`. 
    4. Restart File Explorer.
-	Q: **_"How do I remove the border around the context menu?"_**\
	A: 
    1. Open your `theme.nss` file.
    2. Go to `border` (line 43) and change `enabled = true` (line 45) to `enabled = false`.
    3. Restart File Explorer.
- Q: **_"How do I change the font, size, weight, etc.?_**\
  A:
    1. Open your `theme.nss` file.
    2. Go to `font` (line 35) and change the appropriate key/s there.
    3. Restart File Explorer.

## 💝 Thanks to

- [jayylmao](https://github.com/jayylmao)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

feat: update format and instructions to work with v1.9.0 (other variants to be updated soon)

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/moudey/Shell">Nilesoft Shell</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/main/assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/main/assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/main/assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/main/assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/main/assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

1. Select and download your flavor + accent of choice:
  - [Latte](https://github.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/tree/main/latte)
  - [Frappe](https://github.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/tree/main/frappe)
  - [Macchiato](https://github.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/tree/main/macchiato)
  - [Mocha](https://github.com/catppuccin/nilesoft-shell/tree/main/mocha)
2. Rename the file to `theme.nss`.
3. Hold shift and right-click the taskbar.
4. Hover over "Shell" and click on "directory".
5. In the folder that just opened, navigate to `\imports` and move your `theme.nss` into the folder, replacing the existing one. Feel free to back this file up beforehand.
6. Hold shift and right-click the taskbar.
7. Click on "Exit Explorer".
Your wallpaper will go black for a second and any File Explorer windows you had open may close as File Explorer restarts automatically. Your new theme should be applied.

<!-- this section is optional -->
## 🙋 FAQ

-	Q: **_"How do I make the menu background blurred?"_**\
	A: 
    1. Open your `theme.nss` file.
    2. Change the `opacity` value (line 10) under `background` to something less than 100.
    3. Remove the `//` from the `effect = 2` line below `opacity`. 
    4. Restart File Explorer.
-	Q: **_"How do I remove the border around the context menu?"_**\
	A: 
    1. Open your `theme.nss` file.
    2. Go to `border` (line 43) and change `enabled = true` (line 45) to `enabled = false`.
    3. Restart File Explorer.
- Q: **_"How do I change the font, size, weight, etc.?_**\
  A:
    1. Open your `theme.nss` file.
    2. Go to `font` (line 35) and remove the `//` from lines 35-41. (This part is commented out by default because, from my experience, it causes issues with scaling on mixed-DPI setups.)
    3. Change the appropriate keys to your liking.
    4. Restart File Explorer.

## 💝 Thanks to

- [jayylmao](https://github.com/jayylmao)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>
